README.md, before:

# WcmTemplateManager

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.20.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

chore: update the root readme

README.md, after:

# Wcm ngx modules

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.20.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate library module-name` to generate a new module. Make sure to update the package name and version in the new folders `package.json`.

## Build

Run `npm run build` to build all projects. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

To build a single project you can run `ng build project-name`. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `npm run test` to execute all unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

To run the tests for a single project you can run `ng test project-name`.

## Publishing

To publish a project:

1. update the version in the projects `package.json`
1. build the project
1. tag the release with `@wcm/ngx-[project]@[version]` (e.g. `@wcm/ngx-template-manager@6.0.0`)
1. `cd` to the build folder (`/dist/[project]`)
1. `npm publish`

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
